## Treemix analyses
This directory contains all infiles and scripts necessary to run treemix (implemented through ipyrad), in addition to output from this analysis. There are two subdirectories and one zipped .vcf file:

### treemix_focal.vcf.zip
This is the (zipped) input data for Treemix analysis.


### [scripts](scripts/)
Contains 6 command scripts (one for each migration value tested) and a master script to submit jobs to a cluster.
* `array_run_treemix_25min.sh`. Used to submit jobs to a cluster. Requires the use of the command scripts (.py files in this directory), which detail the actual parameters of the analysis. Because this is an array script, it should be submitted with `sbatch --array [0-5] array_run_treemix_25min.sh`
* `command_m0_25min.py`. Command script for 0 migration edges.
* `command_m1_25min.py`. Command script for 1 migration edge.
* `command_m2_25min.py`. Command script for 2 migration edges.
* `command_m3_25min.py`. Command script for 3 migration edges.
* `command_m4_25min.py`. Command script for 4 migration edges.
* `command_m5_25min.py`. Command script for 5 migration edges.


### [outfiles](outfiles/)
Within this directory are 6 subdirectories, one for each number of migration edges tested. Within each of those subdirectories are 5 additional subdirectories: one for each replicate data set implemented. Within each of those are 8 output files generated by Treemix: 
* `test.cov.gz`
* `test.covse.gz`
* `test.edges.gz`
* `test.llik`
* `test.modelcov.gz`
* `test.treemix.in.gz`
* `test.treeout.gz`
* `test.vertices.gz`

These files are what can then be assessed downstream for model selection and plotting. Plotting can be done using scripts provided on Treemix website (https://bitbucket.org/nygcresearch/treemix/wiki/Home)

